Fix broken anchor fragments in settings and function links (#6278)
ClickHouse/clickhouse-docs: docs/guides/sre/tls/configuring-tls.md

    </openSSL>
    ```

>     For more information, visit https://clickhouse.com/docs/operations/server-configuration-parameters/settings/#openssl

Author: ```suggestion
    For more information, visit [this page](/operations/server-configuration-parameters/settings/#openssl)
```
